Updating Cat-VRS Quickstart documentation (#219)
ga4gh/cat-vrs: docs/source/quickstart.rst

.. `QuickStart`:

Quick Start
!!!!!!!!!!!

Cat-VRS development consists of two parts, with two interconnected GitHub repos

- https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs is used primarily for schema development.

- https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs-python is used for the development of the reference implementation, in python.

For most new users, the best way to get started with Cat-VRS is to explore the `cat-vrs-python notebooks <https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs-python/tree/main/notebooks/>`_.

Next, many users may want to start prototyping their own software with some sample data.  There are a number of example datasets available in both YAML and JSON at `<https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs/tree/main/examples>`_.

> Finally, Cat-VRS is an open-source initiative, driven by community involvement, and we welcome participation from individuals at all levels of skill and experience!  To learn about ways to join working group meetings, participate in monthly virutal hackathons, or simply follow the latest news on Cat-VRS, visit :ref:`Getting Involved <getting-involved>` for more details.

Reviewer: These would be my recommendations

Only thing that should be changed for sure is a typo: `virutal` -> `virtual`

```suggestion
Cat-VRS development consists of two parts, with two interconnected GitHub repos:

- `Cat-VRS <https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs>`_ is used primarily for schema development.

- `Cat-VRS Python <https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs-python>`_ is used for the development of the reference implementation, in Python.

For most new users, the best way to get started with Cat-VRS is to explore the `Cat-VRS Python notebooks <https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs-python/tree/main/notebooks/>`_.

Next, many users may want to start prototyping their own software with some sample data. There are a number of example datasets available in both YAML and JSON in the `Cat-VRS examples <https://github.com/ga4gh/cat-vrs/tree/main/examples>`_.

Finally, Cat-VRS is an open-source initiative, driven by community involvement, and we welcome participation from individuals at all levels of skill and experience!  To learn about ways to join working group meetings, participate in monthly virtual hackathons, or simply follow the latest news on Cat-VRS, visit :ref:`Getting Involved <getting-involved>` for more details.
```
